README.md, before:

# ContactsAvatar

## Objective

For this task, 
1. Read the contacts list on your device.
2. Create avatars for all the contacts from [adorable.io](http://avatars.adorable.io/) and show the contacts list with the avatars as part of the app you create. You can decide what information to show on the list. We’d expect at least the name and phone number.
3. On clicking on a contact, show the contact details like email, address, etc.

## Architecture
For this task, utilize MVVM pattern plus data repository for single source of truth.
![High Level Design](./contacts_avatar_mvvm.JPG "high level design")
### Model
Data in this task is designed to be tiny POJO of local contact with following entries: name, e-mail, phone number and url for avatar (hash code of aforementioned data). Data is wrapped with [Room](https://developer.android.com/topic/libraries/architecture/room.html) into SQLite. Single source of truth from local contact will be converted to aforementioned POJO on following condition: 1. For the first time DB is created. 2. When contact change is detected. 

### ViewModel
In favor of utilizing Android's lifecycle aware callback view mode, ViewModel is extending `AndroidViewModel`[Ref.](https://developer.android.com/reference/android/arch/lifecycle/AndroidViewModel.html). It observes DataRepository's data and once data is emitted, it will update its view (who is already subscribing to the change)
### View
Using Android's [data binding library](https://developer.android.com/topic/libraries/data-binding/index.html), View is instantiated from its layout's variable. 
- For initial `RecyclerView` (`ContactListFragment`) is bind from `contact_item.xml`'s variable `contact` and `callback`.
- For detailed contact view, `ContactFragment` is bind from `contact_fragment.xml`'s variable `ContactViewModel`.

## Dependencies
Following libraries were used while working on this task:
- Android Architecture Components
    - [LiveData](https://developer.android.com/topic/libraries/architecture/livedata.html)
    - [ViewModel](https://developer.android.com/topic/libraries/architecture/viewmodel.html)
    - [Room Persistence Library](https://developer.android.com/topic/libraries/architecture/room.html)
    - [Android Data Binding library](https://developer.android.com/topic/libraries/data-binding/index.html)
- Image download
    - [Picasso](https://github.com/square/picasso/)
- Test
    - [ASTL](https://developer.android.com/topic/libraries/testing-support-library/index.html)
    - [Espresso](https://developer.android.com/training/testing/espresso/index.html)
    - [JUnit](https://developer.android.com/training/testing/unit-testing/local-unit-tests.html) and [Mockito](https://github.com/mockito/mockito)

Commit message:

[10/n][AvatarContacts] Implement Contacts detail fragment

README.md, after:

# ContactsAvatar

## Objective

For this task, 
1. Read the contacts list on your device.
2. Create avatars for all the contacts from [adorable.io](http://avatars.adorable.io/) and show the contacts list with the avatars as part of the app you create. You can decide what information to show on the list. We’d expect at least the name and phone number.
3. On clicking on a contact, show the contact details like email, address, etc.

## Architecture
For this task, utilize MVVM pattern plus data repository for single source of truth.
![High Level Design](./contacts_avatar_mvvm.JPG "high level design")
### Model
Data in this task is designed to be tiny POJO of local contact with following entries: name, e-mail, phone number and url for avatar (hash code of aforementioned data). Data is wrapped with [Room](https://developer.android.com/topic/libraries/architecture/room.html) into SQLite. Single source of truth from local contact will be converted to aforementioned POJO on following condition: 1. For the first time DB is created. 2. When contact change is detected. 

### ViewModel
In favor of utilizing Android's lifecycle aware callback view mode, ViewModel is extending `AndroidViewModel`[Ref.](https://developer.android.com/reference/android/arch/lifecycle/AndroidViewModel.html). It observes DataRepository's data and once data is emitted, it will update its view (who is already subscribing to the change)
### View
Using Android's [data binding library](https://developer.android.com/topic/libraries/data-binding/index.html), View is instantiated from its layout's variable. 
- For initial `RecyclerView` (`ContactListFragment`) is bind from `contact_item.xml`'s variable `contact` and `callback`.
- For detailed contact view, `ContactFragment` is bind from `contact_fragment.xml`'s variable `ContactViewModel`.

## Misc.
Along with basic requirement, it has following extensions
- Contact detail fragment will send proper intent based on user's interaction. (e.g. click on phone number will trigger dialer) 


## Dependencies
Following libraries were used while working on this task:
- Android Architecture Components
    - [LiveData](https://developer.android.com/topic/libraries/architecture/livedata.html)
    - [ViewModel](https://developer.android.com/topic/libraries/architecture/viewmodel.html)
    - [Room Persistence Library](https://developer.android.com/topic/libraries/architecture/room.html)
    - [Android Data Binding library](https://developer.android.com/topic/libraries/data-binding/index.html)
- Image download
    - [Picasso](https://github.com/square/picasso/)
- Test
    - [ASTL](https://developer.android.com/topic/libraries/testing-support-library/index.html)
    - [Espresso](https://developer.android.com/training/testing/espresso/index.html)
    - [JUnit](https://developer.android.com/training/testing/unit-testing/local-unit-tests.html) and [Mockito](https://github.com/mockito/mockito)
